docs/Plan.md, before:

# Plan

## Now

## Future

### Could do

- Consider creating stub vaults for testing, see https://github.com/mfarragher/obsidiantools/tree/main/tests/vault-stub
- Copy some notes from my Thinking vault
- Add some linter
- Add black's usage to `pyproject.toml` explicitly
- Description how to "install" to vim (Mapping `\c` to `t count` etc.)
- Think about using aliases: https://github.com/click-contrib/click-aliases

### New commands

```sh
t random -f filename # random jump to files that are linked from or to filename
t random -i          # take a value from stdin and return a random link from the string
t random -t          # random jump based on time a file was modified with some weight
t rank               # output top pages based on Page rank
t ls -l -i           # list all modified files as links but take stdin and filter links that are already there
```

`:read !python script.py` - This will run the `script.py` script and pass the contents of the current Vim buffer as standard input. The output generated by the script will replace the contents of the current buffer.

https://github.com/mfarragher/obsidiantools

Commit message:

Fixed issue with links being parsed incorrectly in t fan command; adjusted sorting of `t ls`

docs/Plan.md, after:

# Plan

## Now

## Future

## Issues

- Links [[example.com]] get parsed to [[example]] in `t fan` command

### Could do

- Consider creating stub vaults for testing, see https://github.com/mfarragher/obsidiantools/tree/main/tests/vault-stub
- Copy some notes from my Thinking vault
- Add some linter
- Add black's usage to `pyproject.toml` explicitly
- Description how to "install" to vim (Mapping `\c` to `t count` etc.)
- Think about using aliases: https://github.com/click-contrib/click-aliases

### New commands

```sh
t random -f filename # random jump to files that are linked from or to filename
t random -i          # take a value from stdin and return a random link from the string
t random -t          # random jump based on time a file was modified with some weight
t rank               # output top pages based on Page rank
t ls -l -i           # list all modified files as links but take stdin and filter links that are already there
```

`:read !python script.py` - This will run the `script.py` script and pass the contents of the current Vim buffer as standard input. The output generated by the script will replace the contents of the current buffer.

https://github.com/mfarragher/obsidiantools
